**DuoWorld** enables Application Developers and Business Entities to develop and deploy Cloud Application Systems driven with multi-tenancy. DuoWorld serves as an Application Development Platform as a Service (PaaS) which provides a Developer Studio for HTML5 application development. DuoWorld also gives a Data Service Layer for the developers to develop the back-end of the Enterprise Applications. This reduces the work and effort taken to implement a system with multi-tenancy.
DuoWorld is a PaaS which enables the developers to develop apps and host the developed apps in a “developer portal” for public access. Developers can also sell their apps in the marketplace to earn profit and promote their apps.
Users can simply go to www.duoworld.com and register with their basic information. There are several types of accounts which can be selected by the user based on the requirements. To use apps only, he/she can join a public portal and use the public apps which are published by the developers. To develop and host apps, then he/she can upgrade the account to get access to the Development Studio. All the developer tenants are interconnected using the “Cloud Event Bus” to provide a universal Development Platform.


## Problem Domain
With a Cloud based infrastructure, the main problems faced by the developers are Data Security and Multi-tenancy. Developing Cross Platform apps also gives a challenge to the developers making the process costly and time consuming. In addition to this, billing the customer and gathering the payments is another difficult task faced by the developers and requires a lot of security. Due to these reasons, building a Cloud Enterprise Application is expensive and less reliable and time consuming in the business market. DuoWorld platform addresses these issues and provides a better cloud development platform which provides a better environment for app developers to make a dive in to the enterprise market and develop apps faster.

With DuoWorld we provide you high security, easy development, and deployment at reduced cost and time, enabling deployment of the cloud infrastructure within minutes. With time we provide you the system scalability according to your business growth. The cloud infrastructure can be scaled up or down easily with minimal downtime. When considering the app development, a cloud based Developer Studio is available to develop apps according to business requirements which can be used from anywhere with an Internet connection. We provide you with the ability to take it one step further by selling your apps on the market. If you intend to earn from the apps you can sell those apps in the market. When considering the architecture and hardware resources of DuoWorld, we take care of all aspects including Service Deployment, Mobility and Multi-tenancy providing you the ultimate flexibility.
